You can't legislate morality... but it seems that morons can be legislators.
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
These are questions for action, not speculation, which is idle. -- Noam Chomsky
If you think education is expensive try Ignorance. -- Derek Bok, president of Harvard
Photons have neither morals nor visas. -- Dave Farber
Maturity is not a factor of the games we play but the occasions we play them!
Design a system an idiot can use and only an idiot will want to use it.
It is much more rewarding to do more with less. -- Donald Knuth
Inside every small problem is a big one trying to get government funding.
Huh? Windows was designed to keep the idiots away from Unix so we could hack in peace. Let's not break that. -- Tom Christiansen
Listen to the gods speak. `cat /proc/kcore > /dev/audio`
The windows registry is dead ground which microsoft keeps trying to plant in.
If you aim the gun at your foot and pull the trigger, it's UNIX's job to ensure reliable delivery of the bullet to where you aimed the gun (in this case, Mr. Foot). (Terry)
Linux - In a world without fences, who needs Gates?
What goes up, must come down. Ask any system administrator.
Friends don't let friends buy proprietary software
All my life, I have done what was expected of me. It never occurred to me to do otherwise. Now, I wonder what might have been. The future frightens us, the past tempts us, and our lives slip away, lost in the terrible moment in between. -- Londo, Babylon 5
Insanity is part of the times. You must learn to embrace the madness; let it fire you. -- Londo, Babylon 5 to Vir Cotto
Humility is for the non-conceited.
The future has arrived; it's just not evenly distributed. -- William Gibson
Shallit's Razor: Never attribute to conspiracy what may be adequately explained by stupidity or incompetence.
"Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve the continuation of the species" -- W. Somerset Maugham
"Do, or do not. There is no try." -- Yoda
Backwards compatible -- If it's not backwards it's not compatible.
Pride goeth before a fall. -- Babylon 5
Trouble will come in its own time, it always does. But that's tomorrow. Give me today and I will be happy. -- Sheridan, Babylon 5 (After the shadow war was over)
We can't really predict the future at all. All we can do is invent it.
Can money pay for all the days I lived half a sleep? -- Primitive Radio Gods - Standing by a broken phone booth
"Socialism is a philosophy of failure.  It is the creed of ignorance and the gospel of envy.  It's inherent virtue is the equal sharing - of misery." -- Winston Churchill
You can judge the quality of your life by how often you notice the enjoyment of the little things.
Mary had a crypto key, she kept it in escrow, and everything that Mary said, the Feds were sure to know. -- Sam Simpson, July 9, 1998
Just because your paronoid doesn't mean someone isn't out to get you.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. -- Abraham Lincon
It's dangerous to be right when the government is wrong. -- Voltaire
A secret between two is secret of God. A secret between three is everybody's secret. -- French Proverb
Magic - Product without process -- John W. Cambell
"On a day no different than the one now dawning, Leonardo drew the first strokes of the Mona Lisa, Shakespeare wrote the first words of Hamlet, Beethoven began work on his Ninth Symphony and Einstein discovered the theory of relativity. What are you going to do today?" The easiest way to predict the future is to invent it. -- Xerox Parc motto
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop to look around once in a while you'll miss it. -- Faris Beulers day off.
As folks might have suspected, not much survives except roaches, and they don't carry large enough packets fast enough... -- About the Internet and nuclear war.
It often requires more courage to dare to be right than it does to fear to be wrong. -- Lincon
Capitol Punishment: When big theives hang the little ones.
Don't stop think about tomorrow. Don't stop it will soon be here. -- Song I heard on the radio - (Yesterday's gone?)
"I do not feel obliged to believe that same God who endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect, had intended for us to forgo their use." -- Galileo
Indifference will certainly be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?
Has it ever occurred to you that God might be a committee? -- Jubal Harshaw
"You've got to be willing to read other people's code, then write your own, then have other people review your code." -- Bill Gates
When Gandhi was asked at the end of his life what his biggest disappointment was, he replied, "The hard-heartedness of the intellectual class."
After the game, the king and the pawn go in the same box. -- Italian proverb
"by perserverance the snail reached the Ark" -- Charles Sprugeon
Remember that what's inside of you doesn't matter because nobody can see it.
If God didn't want us to eat animals, he wouldn't have made them out of meat!
Nick the Greek's Law of Life: All things considered, life is 9 to 5 against.
Those who can laugh at themselves will never cease to be amused.
Beware the day when any of the people involved want to stop the dialogue, not the day when the dialogue is passionate. -- Pohl <pohl@screaming.org> posted to Slashdot (Mar 24, 1999)
Pessimism is self-fulfilling.
Enjoy your work, because those who do not enjoy what they do, are condemmed to live out of place for the whole eternity. -- Nataneal
The race is long but in the end it is only with yourself. -- Everybody's Free (Song)
"Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the earth"
But if the answer isn't violence, neither is your silence. -- Ich Bin Ein Auslander - Pop Will Eat Itself
To persuade your enemy to (retreat) before the fight is to defeat them even before the battle begins.  An enemy made ally is no longer an enemy. -- Sun Tzu, The Art of War
"Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end." -- Semisonic's "Closing Time"
If you can't be with the one you love, then shag the one your with. -- Austin Powers - The Spy who shagged me
Efficiency can magnify good, but it magnifies evil just as well. So, we should not be surprised to find that modern electronic communication magnifies stupidity as *efficiently* as it magnifies intelligence. -- Robert A. Matern
The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture. -- Elbert Hubbard
"Have a clue.  They're cheap.  All you have to do is pay ttention." -- Unknown
"Those who desire to give up Freedom in order to gain Security, will not have, nor do they deserve, either one." -- Thomas Jefferson
Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education. -- Bertrand Russell
A picture is worth a thousand words. It just takes up more bandwidth.
Software isn't software without source code. -- NASA
Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.
Memory is like an orgasm. It's a lot better if you don't have to fake it. -- Seymour Cray commenting on virtual memory
"There are two things that are infinite; Human stupidity and the universe. And I'm not sure about the universe." -- Albert Einstein
If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle. --Sun Tzu - The Art of War
Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.
"... the deep things in science are not found because they are useful; they are found because it was possible to find them." --R.O.
"You want to kiss the sky? Better learn how to kneel." -- U2
The way of the warrior If you love, love without reservation. If you fight, fight without fear. -- Captain Sheridan's Father - Babylon 5
"So much has been lost, so much forgotton. So much pain, so much blood, and for what, I wonder? The past tempts us, the present confuses us, and the future frightens us. And out lives slip away, moment by moment, lost in that vast terrible inbetween. But there is still time to sieze that one last fragile moment. To choose something better. To make a differance." -- Centauri Emperor on last visit to B5 - Babylon 5
"Good is never good enough when you dream of being the best."
"He who slings mud, looses ground." -- Posted on Slashdot by Oestergaard
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play. -- Heraclitus, Greek philosopher (500 B.C.)
"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones." -- Albert Einstein
"Paranoia is just Reality at a higher resolution!"
Rome did not create a great empire by having meetings, they did it by killing all who opposed them. -- Elliot Lee (GNOME guy, probably not orignal)
"Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened." -- Winston Churchill
Understanding is a 3 edged sword. Thier side, your side and the truth. -- Vorlon Saying, Babylon 5
Books, Manuals, Directives, Regulations. The geometries that circumscribe your working life draw norrower and norrower until nothing fits inside them anymore. -- Byron, Babylon 5
Do you know what this is? No I can see that you don't. You have that vacant look in your eyes that says hold my head to your ear you'll hear the sea. -- Londo Malari, Babylon 5
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again. -- Clint Eastwood
"The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding." -- Louis Brandeis - (Former Supreme Court Justice)
"A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle." -- Unknown
Be not anxious about what you have, but about what you are. -- Pope St. Gregory I
The price of freedom is eternal vigilance.
Outside of their particular area of expertise scientists are just as dumb as the next person.-- Richard Feynmann
"This generation may be the one that will face Armageddon." -- Ronald Reagan, "People" magazine, December 26, 1985
"The longer I live, the more I realize the impact of attitude on life. Attitude, to me, is more important than Facts. It is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than Failures, than successes, than what other people think or say or do. It is more important than appearance, giftedness or skill. It will make or break a company.., a church.., a home. The remarkable thing is we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day. We cannot change our past.. we cannot change the fact that people will act in a certain way. We cannot change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude... I am convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how I react to it. And so it is with you.. we are in charge of our attitudes". -- Charles Swindoll
Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly. -- Henry Spencer
"A bad reputation is hard to shake, a good reputation is hard to maintain" -- Anonymous
I'm not sure which upsets me more: that people are so unwilling to accept responsibility for their own actions, or that they are so eager to regulate everyone else's.
What luck for the rulers that men do not think. -- Adolf Hitler
"The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human ambition." -- Carl Sagan
"message passing as the fundamental operation of the OS is just an excercise in computer science masturbation. It may feel good, but you don't actually get anything DONE." -- Linus talking about Micro-Kernels and the EROS OS.
Bad men live that they may eat and drink, whereas good men eat and drink that they may live. -- Socrates
"Unix-to-Unix Copy Program;" said PDP-1.  "You will never find a more wretched hive of bugs and flamers.  We must be cautious." -- DECWARS
The great masses of the people ... will more easily fall victims to a big lie than to a small one. -- Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf"
Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it. -- Andrew Young
We have guided missiles, and misguided men" -- Martin Luther King
Don't vote - it only encourages them!
Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll believe you. Tell him a seat has wet paint on it and he'll have to touch it to be sure.
"I may disagree vehemently with what you say, but I will fight to the death for your right to say it." -- Francois-Marie Arouet de Voltaire
Issawi's Laws of Progress: The Course of Progress: Most things get steadily worse. The Path of Progress: A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
heaven must be running unix, how else do u explain so much uptime?
I _am_ pragmatic. That which works, works, and theory can go screw itself. However, my pragmatism also extends to maintainability, which is why I also want it done well. -- Linus
Nothing focuses the mind better than the constant sight of a competitor who wants to wipe you off the map. -- Wayne Calloway
"A little science estranges a man from God. A lot of science brings him back." -- Francis Bacon
At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.
99 little bugs in the code, 99 bugs in the code,  fix one bug, compile it again... 101 little bugs in the code....
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
"If the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise." -- William Blake, "Proverbs of Hell," 1793
The more corrupt the state, the more numerous the laws. -- Tacitus, 56-120 A.D.
"Bombay is 250ms from New York in the new world order" -- Alan Cox
"There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence." -- Jeremy Anderson
Religion stops a thinking mind.
"If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend seven of them sharpening my axe." -- Abraham Lincoln
Poverty is the mother of invention.
In God we Trust -- all others must submit an X.509 certificate. -- Charles Forsythe <forsythe@alum.mit.edu>
"Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent" -- Isaac Asimov
If violence is the last refuge of the incompetent, religion is the second last. -- Dan & Kier
Windows 2000: Designed for the Internet. The Internet: Designed for UNIX.
Censorship rests on the child's delusion that "If I shut my eyes so I can't see it, it isn't there".
G-d is alive. Magic is afoot. G-d is afoot. Magic is alive. -- Leonard Cohen
What if life is the second chance? -- Anonymous
We build our computers the way we build our cities -- over time, without a plan, on top of ruins. -- Ellen Ullman (www.salon.com article)
software engineering is not about right and wrong but only better and worse -- Ellen Ullman (www.salon.com article)
Men willingly believe what they wish. -- Julius Caesar
Once you stop dismissing something as unattainable, then you start working on its development. -- Jerome Pearson
Sufficiently advanced stupidity is indistinguishable from malice.
the principle cause of problems is solutions. -- Eric Serveraid
"reality is something, that once you stope believing in it, it doesn't go away." -- Philip K Dick, "Valis"
"Science is a way of thinking that helps you not to fool yourself." -- Carl Sagan
Be courageous; it's the only place left uncrowded. -- Anita Roddick
Happiness isn't something you experience, it's something you remember. -- Oscar Levant
The future is no place to place your better days. -- Dave Matthews Band
Software designers are so infatuated with the fact that they can, that they don't stop to think if they should.
say what you mean, and mean what you say.
"reason over passion" -- Pierre Elliott Trudeau's motto
Freedom requires duty
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent -- Ludwig Wittgenstein
"The Pythagorean Theorem employed 24 words, the Lord's Prayer has 66 words, Archimedes Principle has 67words, the 10 Commandments have 179 words, the Gettysburg Address had 286 words, the Declaration of Independence, 1,300 words and finally the European Commission's regulation on the sale of cabbage: 26,911 words."
"Amateurs hack systems, professionals hack people" -- Bruce Schneier
"Programming is an art form that fights back" -- Saige on SlashDot
Majority, n.: That quality that distinguishes a crime from a law.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened. -- Lao Tsu
God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right, even though I think it is hopeless. -- Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
"Understanding. A cerebral secretion that enables one having it to know a house from a horse by the roof on the house, It's nature and laws have been exhaustively expounded by Locke, who rode a house, and Kant, who lived in a horse." -- Ambrose Bierce
There are no physicists in the hottest parts of hell, because the existence of a "hottest part" implies a temperature difference, and any marginally competent physicist would immediately use this to run a heat engine and make some other part of hell comfortably cool.  This is obviously impossible. -- Richard Davisson
Luck, like a Russian car, generally only works if you push it. -- Regalian, in My Hero (Tom Holt)
If God had wanted us to vote, he would have provided candidates. -- Dorothy Day
Good judgment comes from experience.  Unfortunately, the experience usually comes from bad judgment.
Money is how people with no talent keep score. -- Michael Hart, Brief History of the Internet, 1995
"Those who do not do politics will be done in by politics." -- French Proverb
Disraeli was pretty close: actually, there are Lies, Damn lies, Statistics, Benchmarks, and Delivery dates.
A man is as sane as he is dangerous to his environment
Focus on the dream, not the competition. -- Nemesis Racing Team motto
"The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts." -- Bertrand Russell
"When I get a little money, I buy books; and if any is left, I buy food and clothes." -- Erasmus, Opus Epistolarum, 1529
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.
"It seems certain that much of the success of Unix follows from the readability, modifiability, and portability of its software." -- Dennis M. Ritchie, September, 1979
One is never deceived, one deceives oneself.
The greatest of all faults is to be conscious of none -- Thomas Carlyle 1795-1881
Goldenstern's Rules: (1) Always hire a rich attorney (2) Never buy from a rich salesman.
"One mode to rule them all and in the darkness bind them..." -- Tolkien
Once is a coincidence, twice is statistically improbable, three times is enemy action. -- Story of Jeff Part XII (www.securityportal.com)
Beware the fury of a patient man.
Like a version 1.1, touch(1)ed for the very first time...
"Under Capitalism, man exploits man. Under Communism, it's the other way around"
Fourth Law of Thermodynamics:  If the probability of success is not almost one, it is damn near zero. -- David Ellis
Save energy: be apathetic.
"Don't tell me I'm burning the candle at both ends -- tell me where to get more wax!!"
I've begun to wonder if we wouldn't also regard spelunkers as desperate criminals if AT&T owned all the caves. -- John Perry Barlow
I'm a member of that half of the human race which is inclined to divide the human race into two kinds of people.  My dividing line runs between the people who crave certainty and the people who trust chance. -- John Perry Barlow
"Testing can prove the presence of bugs, but not their absence." -- Dykstra
There are two ways of constructing a software design; One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiences. -- C. A. R. Hoare
Is is always time to do the right thing. -- Martin Luther King
Solve 90% of the problem as simply as you can, and then remove the other 10% from the problem requirements. -- Marshall Rose
The universe doesn't always give you what you want. It gives you what you need.
"If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you don't understand the problems and you don't understand the technology." -- Bruce Schneier, Secrets and Lies
You know, the mark of intelligence is realizing when you're making the same mistake over and over and over again, and not hitting your head in the wall five hundred times before you understand that it's not a clever thing to do. -- Linus Torvalds
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen. -- Albert Einstein
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor. -- Albert Einstein
Imagination is more important than knowledge. -- Albert Einstein
"Memory is like gasoline. You use it up when you are running. Of course you get it all back when you reboot..." -- Actual explanation obtained from the Micro$oft help desk.
In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act. -- George Orwell
The trouble with computers is that they do what you tell them, not what you want. -- D. Cohen
Until I loved, life had no beauty; I did not know I lived until I had loved. -- Theodor Korner
So, make a real effort to avoid getting sucked into all the expensive lifestyle habits of typical Americans.  Because if you do that, then people with the money will dictate what you do with your life. --Richard Stallman
Personally, I'm always ready to learn, although I do not always like being taught. -- Sir Winston Churchill
"My mother said to me, if you become a soldier, you'll be a general, if you become a monk, you'll end up as the pope. Instead I became a painter and wound up as Picasso." -- Pablo Picasso
"The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and, if they can't find them, make them." -- George Bernard Shaw
"All men by nature desire to know." -- Aristotle
"Experience is that, which you get after you need it."
"This year will go down in history. For the first time, a civilized nation has full gun registration! Our streets will be safer, our police more efficient, and the world will follow our lead into the future." -- Adolf Hitler, 1935
When I consider the small span of my life  absorbed in the eternity of all time, or the small part of space which I can touch or see engulfed by the infinite immensity of spaces that I know  not and that know me not, I am frightened and astonished to see myself here instead of there... now instead of then. -- Blaise Pascal
"Silly hacker, root is for administrators" -- Unknown
"Be good, and you will be lonesome." -- Mark Twain
A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
The events which transpired five thousand years ago; Five years ago or five minutes ago, have determined what will happen five minutes from now; five years From now or five thousand years from now. All history is a current event. -- Dr John Henrik Clake
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. -- Sun Tzu
Give a man a fish, and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish and he will stop bothering you. -- Unknown
Unix is simple. It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity.
"I think we agnostics need a term for a holy war too. I feel all left out." -- George Lebl
"When he pretends to flee, do not pursue." -- Sun Tzu, The Art of War ("Maneuver", Statement 27)
"If you continue to think the way you've always thought, then you will continue to get what you always got!"
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic
"Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel." -- Samuel Johnson
"The appeal to force is the abandonment of reason." -- Introduction to Logic, 11th Ed. -- Irving M. Copi & Carl Cohen
"The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence whatever that is not uterly absurd; indeed, in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind, a wide-spread belief is more likely to be foolish than sensible." -- Bertrans Russell
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all. -- Peter Drucker
"No great civilisation likes forests." -- K.F. O'Connor
We are most probably here for local information-gathering and local-Universe problem-solving in support of the integrity of eternally regenerative Universe. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Be master of your petty annoyances and conserve your energies for the big, worthwhile things. It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out - it's the grain of sand in your shoe.
"If you're smart, you'll be humble. There always is somebody who hasn't read a book and knows twice as much as you do."	-- David Duchovny in Readers' Digest
"I believe in true love. But I am easily satisfied." -- Miguel de Icaza
"If only you could see what I have seen with your eyes"	-- Roy Batty
"Never argue with idiots, they'll only drag you down to their level and beat you with experience."
"Biology is the only science in which multiplication means the same thing as division." -- Greg Leblanc
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform. -- Mark Twain
"If you don't have a hammer, hack it"
"when you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth." -- Sherlock Holmes
'The project can be correct, it can be fast, or it can be on time, pick two'
"the good is the enemy of the best" -- Unknown Proverb (found in reference to protocol design)
"I never let my schooling get in the way of my education." -- Mark Twain
"No cause, no God, no abstract idea can justify the mass slaughter of innocents." -- Edward Said
"Evil will always triumph over good, because good is dumb." -- Dark Helmet, Spaceballs
"Never give up. Never give up. Never ever give up." -- Winston Churchill
Originality is undetected plagiarism. -- Dean W. R. Inge
Procrastination is great. It gives me a lot more time to do things that I'm never going to do.
If you're not paranoid, you just haven't been paying attention.
"Until they become conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious."
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler. -- Albert Einstein
The rhythm method: it sounds good on paper, just like lighting yourself on fire to keep warm.
Now what is history? It is the centuries of systematic explorations of the riddle of death, with a view to overcoming death. That's why people discover mathematical infinity and electromagnetic waves, that's why they write symphonies. -- Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago
"The only freedom which deserves the name is that of pursuing our own good, in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it." -- John Stuart Mill
One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs -- but it is amazing how many eggs one can break without making a decent omelette. -- Professor Charles P. Issawi
"All men of conscience or prudence ply to windward, to maintain their wars to be defensive." -- Roger Williams
"I invented the term Object-Oriented, and I can tell you I did not have C++ in mind." -- Alan Kay
All in favor of losing their rights, please do nothing.
It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous. -- Robert Benchley
I see a dark sail on the horizon Set under a dark cloud that hides the sun Bring me my Broadsword and clear understanding
In my view, those of us who teach science to nonscience majors must continually encourage them to base their beliefs on evidence rather than mere prior preference. -- William H. Ingham (Physicstoday.org)
The probability that we may fail in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just. -- Abraham Lincoln
"We don't like their sound, and guitar music is on the way out." -- Decca Recording Co. rejecting the Beatles, 1962.
"I never think of the future - it comes soon enough." -- Albert Einstein
Unix is not "just" an Operating System. Unix is a way of life.
I am convinced that if we are to get on the right side of the world revolution, we as a nation must undergo a radical revolution of values. We must rapidly begin the shift from a thing-oriented society to a person-oriented society. When machines and computers, profit motives and property rights, are considered more important than people, the giant triplets of racism, extreme materialism, and militarism are incapable of being conquered. -- Martin Luther King
"Everybody thinks of changing humanity and nobody thinks of changing himself" -- Leo Tolstoy.
"There is nothing as deceptive as an obvious fact." --Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, But it's very funny -- did you ever try buying them without money? -- Ogden Nash
We may often do as we please -- but we cannot please as we please. -- Bertrand Russell
"Human beings act intelligently only after they have exhausted the alternatives" -- Abba Eban
Why live outside the US? Do you want health care or safe food products or democracy or something? They're all overrated. Stay for the excellent cable TV. -- Ian McKellar (GNOME Developer)
"When there's public debate and mass hysteria, that's when the patches roll in." -- Michael Meeks (GNOME Developer)
Debugging is anticipated with distaste, performed with reluctance, and bragged about forever. -- Mads Villadsen
"Science helps a lot, but people built perfectly good brick walls long before they knew why cement works." -- Alan Cox
Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time. -- D. Gries
"Don't bother using an over-simplified metaphor to prove me wrong. It means you don't understand my point." -- NanoG
Only presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right to use the editorial "we."
"In a gold rush it's the people who sell the spades who make the money first"
"Boys do what they can; men do what they want" -- Project Pat
Commities are good optics, poor executors.
In passing I draw attention to another English expression which often occurs in Dutch texts: "the real world". In Dutch -- and I am afraid not in Dutch alone -- its usage is almost always a symptom of a violent anti-intellectualism. -- E. W. Dijkstra
"Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence" -- Carl Sagan.
If you analyse anything, you destroy it. -- Arthur Miller
"Business is a good game-lots of competition and a minimum of rules. You keep score with money." -- Nolan Bushnell
"Spend your 'different points' wisely." -- Havoc Pennington
A thorough software professional is one who when his wife yells at him "goto hell", worries more about the goto.
A celibate clergy is an especially good idea, because it tends to suppress any hereditary propensity toward fanaticism. -- Carl Sagan
"UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that would also stop you from doing clever things." -- Doug Gwyn
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Perfection is reached, not when there is no longer anything to add, but when there is no longer anything to take away. -- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"If you can't make it good, make it big"
"Reusing pieces of code is like picking off sentences from other people's stories and trying to make a magazine article." It might make your point, but not very well. -- Bob Frankston
"Why was God able to create the universe in only seven days? Because he didn't have an installed base to deal with."
The better educated will always rule the less educated. -- Sheldon J. Pacotti
You can't see the world through a mirror. -- Avril Lavigne (Too much to ask)
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. -- Edgar Allan Poe
'The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible.' -- Albert Einstein
"Fragmentation is like classful addressing -- an interesting early architectural error that shows how much experimentation was going on while IP was being designed." -- Paul Vixie
Dinosaurs aren't extinct. They've just learned to hide in the trees.
"The greatest evils in the world will not be carried out by men with guns, but by men in suits sitting behind desks" -- C. S. Lewis
The point is, that geeks are not necessarily the outcasts society often believes they are. The fact is that society isn't cool enough to be included in our activities.
fork() is the Unix programmer's hammer. Because it's available, every problem looks like a nail.
"if it is relevant there is always somebody else out there." -- Linus Torvalds
"Programming is one of the most difficult branches of applied mathematics; the poorer mathematicians had better remain pure mathematicians." -- Edsger W. Dijkstra
The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim. -- E.W. Dijkstra
Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. -- E.W. Dijkstra
Hardware is the part of a computer system that can be kicked and software is the part that can only be screamed at. -- Unknown
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. -- Pablo Picasso (1881-1973)
"In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice, there is." -- Yogi Berra
We're sysadmins. To us, data is a protocol-overhead.
Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today, because if you enjoy it today you can do it again tomorrow.
"you can have peace.  or you can have freedom. don't ever count on having both at once." -- LL (RAH)
"Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it. If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere, with a sign on it saying "End-of-the-World Switch. PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH," the paint wouldn't even have time to dry." -- Terry Pratchett (Thief of Time)
I am concerned about any program, any piece of hardware, any treaty, any law that treats me as a consumer, not a citizen	-- dowobeha on Slashdot
Those who do not understand end-to-end are doomed to reimplement it, poorly. -- Greg Maxwell on NANOG
"Laws are like cobwebs; strong enough to detain only the weak, and too weak to hold the strong" -- Anacharsis
"The internet is a reflection of our society and that mirror is going to be reflecting what we see," he said. "If we do not like what we see in that mirror the problem is not to fix the mirror, we have to fix society." -- Vint Cerf
If you have the ivory tower view that the internet is good only if everything on it is good you are mistaken." -- Vint Cerf
A deep, unwavering belief is a sure sign you're missing something...
You can make any computation go faster if you don't care if it gives the right answer.
"We act as though comfort and luxury were the chief requirements of life, when all that we need to make us happy is something to be enthusiastic about." -- Albert Einstein
"Preferences are bad solutions to performance problems." -- Havoc Pennington
"Stupid people surround themselves with smart people. Smart people surround themselves with smart people who disagree with them." -- Aaron Sorkin
We want to use computers, because they're so fast, but we don't have to think like they do. -- Bill Richter on comp.lang.scheme discussing pointers.
One of the fundamental problems is that security is very hard. And what makes it hard is that it's a negative deliverable. You really don't know when you have it. You only find out belatedly when you've lost it. -- Jeff Schiller (Network Manager at MIT)
"The mark of an immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one." --W. Stekel
"Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it." -- Brian W. Kernighan
"Push the responsibility to the edges, where it belongs". -- Steve Bellovin
Think of the Nets infrastructure as a source of natural building resources. Linux is not growing on the trees - it is the trees. -- Doc Searls
Digital files cannot be made uncopyable, any more than water can be made not wet. -- Bruce Schneier
life, n.: A whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.
For those who live in the past, there is no future. "If you take no part in the design of your future, it will be designed for you by others.' -- Edward de Bono
"Any person can invent a security system so clever that she or he can't think of how to break it." -- Schneier's Law
"the Web is the sum of all human knowledge plus porn." -- Ron Gilbert
For however much the state may gain by not having to fund roads on its own, society would lose in aggregate if the open commons of transportation were lost. -- Lawrence Lessig - The Future of Ideas - Page 174
I have made this letter longer than usual, only because I have not had the time to make it shorter. -- Blaise Pascal (translation from the original French)
Everyone connected to the internet acts globally.  it is wildly foolish to think locally. -- Paul Vixie
Indeed one of the best ways to deflect attacks is to make it look like they're succeeding. It's the software equivalent of playing dead. -- Joel Spolsky
Morality must always be based on practicality. -- Baron Vladimir Harkonnen
Build a man a fire, he's warm for a day.  Set a man on fire, he's warm for the rest of his life... -- Terry Pratchett
Nearly every electrical engineer believes deep in his heart that he is better at writing computer software than any computer programmer, and can show as proof the fact that he has written a number of small applications, each of which was done quickly, easily, and exactly met his needs. -- Unknown source
I'm waking up to say I tried, instead of waking up to another TV guide. -- Avril Lavigne (Mobile)
"Snow and adolescence are the only problems that disappear if you ignore them long enough."
"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." -- Ghandhi
common programmer thought pattern: there are only three numbers: 0, 1, and n. -- Joel Spolsky (User Interface Design for Programmers, Ch 7).
Only failure makes us experts. -- Theo de Raadt
If you look at software today, through the lens of the history of engineering, it's certainly engineering of a sort - but it's the kind of engineering that people without the concept of the arch did.  Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves. -- Alan Kay, ACM Queue, Vol 2. No. 9
Occupying a third place in human intellectual culture, computing is not bound by the need to describe what does exist (as in natural science) or what can be built in the real world (as in engineering). -- John Crowcroft, Communications of the ACM, Vol 48. No. 2
When a stupid man is doing something is he ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty. -- George Bernard Shaw
When you hear voices in your head that tell you to shoot the pope, do you do what they say? Same thing goes for customers and managers. They are the crazy voices in your head, and you need to set them right, not just blindly do what they ask for. -- Linus Torvalds
Just because the person you are arguing with is wrong, it does not therefore follow that you are right. -- Unknown
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. -- George Santayana
You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments or publicity. -- Thomas Wolfe, The Sun, July 2005.
We reject kings, presidents and voting. We believe in rough consensus and running code. -- Dave Clark
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked'.A complex system designed from scratch never works and cannot be patched up to make it work. You have to start over, beginning with a working simple system. -- John Gall
There is no future in which bits will be harder to copy than they are today ... Any business model that based on the idea that bits will be harder to copy is doomed. -- Cory Doctorow (2006 RedHat summit in Nashville)
Analogy is a poor tool for reasoning, but a good analogy can be very effective in developing intuition. -- Barbara Simons and Jim Horning (Communications of the ACM, Sept 2005, Inside Risks)
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it? -- Albert Einstein
If at first, the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it. -- Albert Einstein
blogging is a way of sending emails that go "cc:world" -- Doc Searls
The function of genius is not to give new answers, but to pose new questions which time and mediocrity can resolve. --Hugh Trevor-Roper in "Men and Events"
I will, in fact, claim that the difference between a bad programmer and a good one is whether he considers his code or his data structures more important. Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships. -- Linus Torvalds
It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends upon his not understanding it. -- Upton Sinclair
Great programmers learn how to program their tools, not just use them. -- Steve Yegge
The way to do good basic design isn't actually to be really smart about it, but to try to have a few basic concepts. -- Linux Torvalds
So, it's important for us to acknowledge that we're prone to be conservative, and in turn surround ourselves with individuals who will help break down our conservatism. -- Shigeru Miyamoto, on designing the Wii controllers
Others inspire us, information feeds us, practice improves our performance, but we need quiet time to figure things out, to emerge with new discoveries, to unearth original answers. -- Dr. Ester Buchholz
Politics is the struggle between those who want to make their country the best in the world, and those who believe it already is.  Each group calls the other unpatriotic.
We should be taught not to wait for inspiration to start a thing. Action always generates inspiration. Inspiration seldom generates action. -- Frank Tibolt
The world is full of people whose notion of a satisfactory future is, in fact, a return to the idealised past. -- Robertson Davies
Judge a man by his questions, rather than his answers. -- Voltaire
Even if you're are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. -- Will Rogers
You're not old until regret takes the place of your dreams.
"Christians, like slaves and soldiers, ask no questions." -- Jerry Falwell (August 11, 1933 - May 15, 2007)
"Ideas are a dime a dozen.  It's execution that counts." -- Frank Herbert
"There are only two hard things in CS: cache invalidation and naming things." -- Phil Karlton
Free software is part of a broader phenomenon, which is a shift toward recognizing the value of shared work. Historically, shared stuff had a very bad name. The reputation was that people always abused shared things, and in the physical world, something that is shared and abused becomes worthless. In the digital world, I think we have the inverse effect, where something that is shared can become more valuable than something that is closely held, as long as it is both shared and contributed to by everybody who is sharing in it. -- Mark Shuttleworth
This is an important part of the Internet Dynamic ' providing opportunity and not guarantees. -- Bob Frankston
"knowledge workers" are simply those people whose job consists of having interesting conversations. -- The Cluetrain Manifesto. Page 123.
Find the simplest model that is not a lie is the key to better software design. -- David Lorge Parnas (CACM June 2007 - Forum)
"Love" is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own. --Stranger in a Strange Land
A programming language that doesn't change the way you think about programming is not worth knowing. -- Alan Perlis
"People are much more likely to act their way into a new way of thinking, than think their way into a new way of acting." -- Richard Pascale
"Don't change the man. Change his environment."	-- Buckminster Fuller
Money corrupts the process of reasoning. -- Lawrense Lessig
Most of us human beings tend to be parochial in our perceptions. What happens is that we have a very limited and narrow view of our self interest and do not adequately weight the price that has to be paid on the other side for any of these measures we are promoting. -- Alan Borovoy on CBC's Cross Country Checkup (2008-03-09)
If you want to create new markets, or disrupt old ones, you create ubiquitous infrastructure. -- Doc Searls
Recursion is the root of computation since it trades description for time.
The skill of writing is to create a context in which other people can think. -- Edwin Schlossbergk
See what happens when you put a bunch of guys together that work hard and like what they do. Things get done. -- Mike Holmes
Life is what happens when you're busy making plans. -- John Lennon
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function. -- F. Scott Fitzgerald
All human beings should try to learn before they die: what they are running from, and to, and why. -- James Thurber
Free markets are a tool, free speech is a goal. -- Tim Bray
Creativity and innovation always builds on the past. The past always tries to control the creativity that builds upon it. Free societies enable the future by limiting this power of the past. Ours is less and less a free society. -- Lawrence Lessig
You can never entirely stop being what you once were. That's why it's important to be the right person today, and not put it off till tomorrow. -- Larry Wall
Trust always breaks down first over money. -- David Hodskins
In battle, exploiting a situation deserves a medal. In business, exploiting a situation deserves condemnation. -- Craig Burton
To only a fraction of the human race does God give the privilege of earning one's bread doing what one would have gladly pursued free, for passion. I am very thankful. -- The Mythical Man Month
Play with boundaries, not within.
Conditions are never just right. People who delay action until all factors are favourable do nothing.
ideas that change business models and who can make money are the most threatening, outside actual religion. - John Day (Patterns in Network Architecture)
Failure does not bring with it a better chance for future success. It brings a trimming of future ambitions.
Everything is vague to a degree you do not realize till you have tried to make it precise. -- Bertrand Russell
Always be a 1st-rate version of yourself, instead of a 2nd-rate version of somebody else. -- Garland
I realized the reason I had a lot of stress in the corporate environment is because I didn't fit in that environment, I came to understand that my real passion is getting things done in ways that probably aren't always acceptable in a corporate setting, like saying what's on your mind, actually telling people when you think they're going about something the wrong way, and trying to help them find a better way to do it. -- Brett Schklar
The way to grow is to do what you love to do. Invest in it. Build it. Be willing to take risks. Keep ethics and the best interests of the people around you in mind. And don't always focus on the money. -- Brett Schklar
As we benefit from the inventions of others, we should be glad to share our own ... freely and gladly." -- Franklin
"If you want to succeed, double your failure rate." -- Thomas Watson.
Stop agonizing about what's not working. Instead, ask yourself, 'What's working well, right now, and how can I do more of it?' -- Chip and Dan Heath, What matters now, Pg 50
If you keep thinking about putting on a conference or being a Hollywood screenwriter, and you find the idea terrifies but intrigues you, it's probably a worthy endeavor for you.  You grow (and thrive!) by doing what excites you and what scares you everyday, not by trying to find your passion. -- Derek Sivers, What matters now, Pg 51
Declare war on passivity. Hush the inner voice that insists you're over the hill, past your prime, unworthy of attaining those dreams. Disbelief is now the enemy, as is the notion of settling. Get hungry ' hyena hungry. Get fired up. Find your backbone, and your wings. Flap 'em. It's the only way you'll be able to fly. -- J.C. Hutchins, What matters now, Pg 81
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. -- Martin Luther King Jr
Being negative is easy. There will always be a downside to everything good, a hurdle to everything desirable, a con to every pro. The real courage is in finding the good in what you have, the opportunities in every hurdle, the pros in every con. -- Carolyn Hax
Until one is committed, there is hesitancy, the chance to draw back-- Concerning all acts of initiative (and creation), there is one elementary truth that ignorance of which kills countless ideas and splendid plans: that the moment one definitely commits oneself, then Providence moves too. All sorts of things occur to help one that would never otherwise have occurred. A whole stream of events issues from the decision, raising in one's favor all manner of unforeseen incidents and meetings and material assistance, which no man could have dreamed would have come his way. Whatever you can do, or dream you can do, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Begin it now. -- Goethe (http://www.goethesociety.org/pages/quotescom.html)
Then indecision brings its own delays, And days are lost lamenting over lost days. Are you in earnest? Seize this very minute; What you can do, or dream you can do, begin it; Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. -- http://www.goethesociety.org/pages/quotescom.html
Not to understand a man's purpose does not make him confused. - Master Po - The Vanishing Image
To know what you prefer instead of humbly saying Amen to what the world tells you ought to prefer, is to have kept your soul alive. -- Robert Louis Stevenson
When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. And that's my religion. -- Abraham Lincoln
Take away the ability of an intelligent, principled, hard-working mind to get it wrong, and you take away the whole thing. -- Kathryn Schulz (http://www.boston.com/bostonglobe/ideas/articles/2010/06/13/the_bright_side_of_wrong/?page=full)
Making your mark on the world is hard. If it were easy, everybody would do it. But it's not. It takes patience, it takes commitment, and it comes with plenty of failure along the way. The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere." -- President Barack Obama
Ignorance: the root of all evil. -- Plato
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. -- Plato
The price good men pay for indifference to publiuc affairs is to be ruled by evil men. -- Plato
When a respected information source covers something where you have on-the-ground experience, the result is often to make you wonder how much fecal matter you've swallowed in areas outside your own expertise. -- Rusty Russell
Any time someone puts a lock on something that belongs to you, and won't give you a key, they're not doing it for your benefit. -- Doctorow's First Law
Show initiative, for fortune favors the bold. ... Explore, challenge assumptions, and don't let lots of prior art discourage you. -- David A. Patterson (Communications of the ACM, March 2009, Pg 30)
Architecture trumps licensing any time. -- Tim O'Reilly
When the complexity of the problems humans must solve exceeds the capability of our brains, we turn to beliefs. -- Rebecca Costa (http://www.thedailybeast.com/blogs-and-stories/2010-10-13/global-warming-denial-explained-by-rebecca-costa-/)
I tell people if it's in the news don't worry about it. Because by definition news is something that almost never happens. -- Bruce Schneier (http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=CGd_M_CpeDI)
When you have lots of ideas it's like: how can I get people to steal this idea and do it? But when you have very few... -- Jay Rosen (@jayrosen_nyu)
Luck is probability taken personally.
The signature of mediocrity is not an unwillingness to change. The signature of mediocrity is inconsistency. -- Jim Collins
Pure academic research and applied industrial research are complementary, and should be pursued concurrently and in collaboration. The goal of industrial research is (and should always be) to pluck the 'low-hanging fruit'; that is, to solve the easiest parts of the most prevalent problems, in the particular circumstances of here and now. But the goal of the pure research scientist is exactly the opposite: it is to construct the most general theories, covering the widest possible range of phenomena, and to seek certainty of knowledge that will endure for future generations. It is to avoid the compromises so essential to engineering, and to seek ideals like accuracy of measurement, purity of materials, and correctness of programs, far beyond the current perceived needs of industry or popularity in the market-place. For this reason, it is only scientific research that can prepare mankind for the unknown unknowns of the forever uncertain future. -- C.A.R. Hoare (http://cacm.acm.org/magazines/2009/10/42360-retrospective-an-axiomatic-basis-for-computer-programming/fulltext)
Secrecy can spring from the best motives; but as it grows it begins to exist only for itself, only for its own sake, only to cover its own abuses. -- Senator Chris Dodd
"Fanaticism consists in redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim." -- George Santayana
Builders need to take their preeminent position back from the traders for the economy of the future to flourish. -- Richard Florida (The Great Reset)
Not every venture is about capital. -- Firefox billboard (http://www.flickr.com/photos/fligtar/5569324234/)
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week. -- George Patton
Never ignore a gut feeling but never assume it's enough. -- Robert Heller
Riches do not exhilerate us so much with their possesion as they torment us with thier loss. -- Epicurus
Get a good idea, and stay with it. Dog it, and work at it until it's done, and done right. -- Walt Disney
It is easier to move a problem around (for example, by moving the problem to a different part of the overall network architecture) than it is to solve it. -- RFC 1925
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -- Einstein
Programming is the art of telling another human being what one wants the computer to do. -- Donald Knuth
There are decades when nothing happens... And there are weeks when decades happen. -- Vladimir Ilyich Lenin
When you adopt a tool you adopt the management philosophy embedded in that tool. -- Clay Shirky (Ted Talk - How the Internet will (one day) transform government)
The ability to master complexity is not the same as the ability to extract simplicity. -- S. Shenker
 Rule 1. You can't tell where a program is going to spend its time.  Bottlenecks occur in surprising places, so don't try to second guess and put in a speed hack until you've proven that's where the bottleneck is. -- Rob Pike
Rule 2. Measure. Don't tune for speed until you've measured, and even then don't unless one part of the code overwhelms the rest.
Rule 3. Fancy algorithms are slow when n is small, and n is usually small. Fancy algorithms have big constants. Until you know that n is frequently going to be big, don't get fancy. (Even if n does get big, use Rule 2 first.) -- Rob Pike
Rule 4. Fancy algorithms are buggier than simple ones, and they're much harder to implement. Use simple algorithms as well as simple data structures. -- Rob Pike
Rule 5. Data dominates. If you've chosen the right data structures and organized things well, the algorithms will almost always be self-evident. Data structures, not algorithms, are central to programming. -- Rob Pike
The computer industry is the only industry that is more fashion-driven than womens fashion. -- Larry Ellison
In Smalltalk, everything happens somewhere else. -- Adele Goldberg'
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
What we think, we become.
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.
If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride - and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high but so are the rewards.
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
Out of difficulties grow miracles.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been.
Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that way.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.
Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.
The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!
Love the moment and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
Each day provides its own gifts.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
With self-discipline most anything is possible.
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.
The only journey is the one within.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.
Keep your feet on the ground, but let your heart soar as high as it will. Refuse to be average or to surrender to the chill of your spiritual environment.
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings.
The things that we love tell us what we are.
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future.
Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself.
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
I dwell in possibility.
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams.
If there were no night, we would not appreciate the day, nor could we see the stars and the vastness of the heavens. We must partake of the bitter with the sweet. There is a divine purpose in the adversities we encounter every day. They prepare, they purge, they purify, and thus they bless.
The best way out is always through.
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future.
You change your life by changing your heart.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come.
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value.
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value.
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.
Look at a football field. It looks like a big movie screen. This is theatre. Football combines the strategy of chess. It's part ballet. It's part battleground, part playground. We clarify, amplify and glorify the game with our footage, the narration and that music, and in the end create an inspirational piece of footage.
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.
Prayer is man's greatest power!
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.
Reach for it. Push yourself as far as you can.
Reach for the stars.
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading; but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?
Brand is not a product, that's for sure; it's not one item. It's an idea, it's a theory, it's a meaning, it's how you carry yourself. It's aspirational, it's inspirational.
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts.
Enthusiasm moves the world.
Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a radiance.
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
Give light and people will find the way.
The Wright brothers flew right through the smoke screen of impossibility.
What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible.
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.
Every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today!
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.
Of all things visible, the highest is the heaven of the fixed stars.
It is only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy we face the storm and defy it.
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.
From its brilliancy everything is illuminated.
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.
When deeds speak, words are nothing.
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge.
Your heart is full of fertile seeds, waiting to sprout.
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart. We know so many things, but we don't know ourselves! Why, thirty or forty skins or hides, as thick and hard as an ox's or bear's, cover the soul. Go into your own ground and learn to know yourself there.
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
It's a moment that I'm after, a fleeting moment, but not a frozen moment.
A place for everything, everything in its place.
It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them.
We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too.
Nothing is worth more than this day.
A concerted effort to preserve our heritage is a vital link to our cultural, educational, aesthetic, inspirational, and economic legacies - all of the things that quite literally make us who we are.
Light tomorrow with today!
Great hopes make great men.
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.
I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that!
Ideas shape the course of history.
Like the United Nations, there is something inspirational about New York as a great melting pot of different cultures and traditions. And if this is the city that never sleeps, the United Nations works tirelessly, around the clock around the world.
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?
I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man.
Inspirational leaders need to have a winning mentality in order to inspire respect. It is hard to trust in the leadership of someone who is half-hearted about their purpose, or only sporadic in focus or enthusiasm.
And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.
Courage, my friends; 'tis not too late to build a better world.
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.
One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed.
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me.
I love those who yearn for the impossible.
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
Too low they build, who build beneath the stars.
I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind.
We have it in our power to begin the world over again.
Every man's life is a fairy tale written by God's fingers.
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.
We convince by our presence.
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.
Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind.
Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask. Everything you want also wants you. But you have to take action to get it.
I said to the almond tree, 'Friend, speak to me of God,' and the almond tree blossomed.
A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself; that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth; people seek guidance of him who is master of himself.
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.
Create each day anew.
The authentic self is the soul made visible.
I don't dislike rappers or hip-hop or people who like it. I went to the Def Jam tour in Manchester in the '80s when rap was inspirational. Public Enemy were awesome. But it's all about status and bling now, and it doesn't say anything to me.
On the recollection of so many and great favours and blessings, I now, with a high sense of gratitude, presume to offer up my sincere thanks to the Almighty, the Creator and Preserver.
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
I believe in living today. Not in yesterday, nor in tomorrow.
I am so fresh in soul and spirit that life gushes and bubbles around me in a thousand springs.
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing.
I have looked into your eyes with my eyes. I have put my heart near your heart.
We are here to make another world.
I believe that one defines oneself by reinvention. To not be like your parents. To not be like your friends. To be yourself. To cut yourself out of stone.
There is a loftier ambition than merely to stand high in the world. It is to stoop down and lift mankind a little higher.
Act like you expect to get into the end zone.
At the end of the day, the one commonality that both Hindi cinema and Hollywood share is that they are full of talented and inspirational people. Outside of this, there are many differences, from the scheduling and rehearsal to promotion and directing techniques.
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
Be not entangled in this world of days and nights; Thou hast another time and space as well.
Not on one strand are all life's jewels strung.
Hope is but the dream of those who wake.
To me, the Seventies were very inspirational and very influential... With my whole persona as Snoop Dogg, as a person, as a rapper. I just love the Seventies style, the way all the players dressed nice, you know, kept their hair looking good, drove sharp cars and they talked real slick.
What were once only hopes for the future have now come to pass; it is almost exactly 13 years since the overwhelming majority of people in Ireland and Northern Ireland voted in favour of the agreement signed on Good Friday 1998, paving the way for Northern Ireland to become the exciting and inspirational place that it is today.
Let each man exercise the art he knows.
Silence is the last thing the world will ever hear from me.
The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing.
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder.
There are glimpses of heaven to us in every act, or thought, or word, that raises us above ourselves.
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.
If someone says 'grunge' or 'punk,' you know what the sound is, but if you say 'No Wave,' it's kind of mysterious. That was the most interesting part and should have been the most inspirational thing about it... here's this collective sonic insanity, and none of it sounds anything alike.
I want to be motivational and inspirational for everybody: my big aim is more women on bicycles.
It's music. It's supposed to be fun and inspirational. You have to be inspired. If I did it because it was my 'job,' and I only did it to make money, I don't think I'd still be doing it.
It is such a luxury to open a new book that's highly recommended by friends - either an inspirational yet humorously self-deprecating memoir, or a page-turning piece of fiction.
Books are challenging and inspirational to me.
Let every dawn be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you as its close.
Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon... must inevitably come to pass!
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.
Our time here is magic! It's the only space you have to realize whatever it is that is beautiful, whatever is true, whatever is great, whatever is potential, whatever is rare, whatever is unique, in. It's the only space.
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.
Sport is something that is very inspirational for young people.
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.
My goal in my career is to inspire people, is to get my music out there and have people enjoy it, and have people think of me as an inspirational artist.
I'm not an inspirational quote kind of person.
My father, Oliver Hynes, was an educator. He was originally just a teacher, a very good one, but then he was promoted to be in charge of education for the entire area. He was always an inspirational teacher. He was my big personal supporter, always coming here for the Tony Awards. My mother, Carmel, was a homemaker.
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
President Obama called for a 'we' nation in his Inauguration Address. Art convenes. It is not just inspirational. It is aspirational. It pricks the walls of our compartmentalized minds, opens our hearts and makes us brave. And that's what we need most in our country today.
The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational.
The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other.
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.
When I was working at the Sprint store, I got laid off. I was bummed out, but I stayed positive. I used the money I had earned while working there to make my first album. Without that job, maybe 'Corazon Sin Cara' would never had been made. It's a very inspirational story.
I'm not here to impose Sharia law, and I'm not here to have a message about disability being inspirational - I'm here to make people laugh. But when I can layer things and make people not only laugh but question, make people not only laugh but be offended... I have to do that.
We sing inspirational songs, songs of praise and worship, and about how good and how big God is. We are magnifying the Lord.
The leaders who we admire who have been able to bring great change in the past - Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Nelson Mandela - they're all inspirational religious leaders and smart tacticians. It would be nice to find the Muslim Gandhi, wouldn't it?
If you look at a building by Mies van der Rohe, it might look very simple, but up close, the sheer quality of construction, materials and thought are inspirational.
Benazir Bhutto was an inspirational leader and an inspirational woman.
All my music is inspirational. You just gotta listen to the words and get what you can get out of it.
I've never been a die-hard Beyonce fan. I always thought she was inspirational and beautiful.
Our ideals are our better selves.
Business gives you a massive high. Doing a great deal, coming up with an inspirational solution... It's very addictive. But it doesn't last long. In isolation, it's a bit sterile. It doesn't reward the soul.
I think Spain will always remain inspirational, and I think French cuisine will continue to be very French and yet very relevant with its time and keep evolving. But the last thing you want for it is to become too trendy and confusing. It has too much history.
In sports teams, apart from talk of sporting prowess and the imparting of inspirational thought, an extraordinary amount of time is spent discussing, and flaunting, material possessions.
I think, aesthetically, car design is so interesting - the dashboards, the steering wheels, and the beauty of the mechanics. I don't know how any of it works, I don't want to know, but it's inspirational.
Reading was very important to me as a kid. It was very inspirational to me. I went to a school where that wasn't encouraged so much, but my parents encouraged that, and it has made me part of who I am.
You see countries like India really investing in their space program because they see it as inspirational and good for their economy.
I'd like to one day be featured on a list of inspirational people who have made a difference in the world, whether it be helping underprivileged people or putting an end to the poaching of wildlife in Africa.
I view art as an inspirational tool.
Almost every college playwright or sketch or improv comedian was sort of aware of Christopher Durang - even kids in high school. His short plays were so accessible to younger people and I think that was inspirational to me.
I worked at The Old Globe Theater under the great baton of Craig Noel. One of the great theater heroes that we have. He was so great and so inspirational. I think I did 'Antony and Cleopatra' and 'The Taming of the Shrew'. I lived in Ocean Beach, and my rent was $140 a month.
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will.
Countless as the sands of the sea are human passions.
And when I breathed, my breath was lightning.
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself.
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears.
Miracles are a retelling in small letters of the very same story which is written across the whole world in letters too large for some of us to see.
The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the world itself.
Belief creates the actual fact.
The handicap of deafness is not in the ear; it is in the mind.
Every heart that has beat strongly and cheerfully has left a hopeful impulse behind it in the world, and bettered the tradition of mankind.
'Star Wars' is fun, its exciting, its inspirational, and people respond to that. It's what they want.
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.
By now, you've probably caught on to something: my mother is always standing by with just the right Scripture or inspirational saying to get me through any tough situation.
I think anyone who has a passion for what they love to do, and who pursue it, is inspirational for me.
I think that's a great opportunity, to pick a script where you can build up a good skill. I think the main thing I look for when I look at scripts is if it's inspirational. If it's something that teenagers can relate to. And is it something that the audience is going to get something out of. If not, then it's really not worth doing.
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.
We work to create a new wave of feminism that is more inclusive. I want others to feel equal. It's so great to see women in positions of power, which is why other artists, such as Marilyn Minter, are so inspirational to me.
Who would have thought that a tap-dancing penguin would outpoint James Bond at the box office? And deserve to? Not that there's anything wrong with 'Casino Royale.' But 'Happy Feet' - written and directed by George Miller - is a complete charmer, even if, in the way of most family fare, it can't resist straying into the Inspirational.
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm.
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free.
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
I used to make up stuff in my bio all the time, that I used to be a professional ice-skater and stuff like that. I found it so inspirational. Why not make myself cooler than I am?
You never know when some small thing will lead to a big idea. Travel is very inspirational - but it's in the ordinary that I find my themes of love and work and family.
People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life.
The power of pop culture stories should not be underestimated, and there is an enormous potential for inspirational stories that can have a positive, transformative effect on our lives.
Better to be called something positive and inspirational than something negative.
Had I not come out with an inspirational CD, you perhaps would have never known that I feel like I feel, that all songs, all the music I've ever done is a gift from God.
My mind's my kingdom.
What's on my playlist when I'm fighting is not so much hip-hop. Sometimes, it's something more inspirational. I get a chance to think about what I'm fighting for, like, my family. It takes me to that state because a lot of times, it's a spiritual warfare for me.
I want to make this world perfect.
The ideal life is in our blood and never will be still.
There are thousands of inspirational stories waiting to be told about young women who yearn for a great education. They are stories of struggle and stories of success, and they will inspire others to take action and work to change lives.
I hope that at the end of the seven years, people will say that I have been of some inspirational value to them at home in terms of inclusiveness and abroad, I look forward to representing Ireland.
I look up to a strong woman; maybe that's why I fell for Gaga. She works incredibly hard and is very strong and inspirational like Mom, with a great work ethic.
Coming to Nashville has been so motivating and inspirational. Just watching people live and breathe their music and create something that they can feel from start to finish.
You always draw inspiration from your family or your parents if they've proven to be inspirational. My mother is someone who's always been inspirational to me.
Whatever ought to be, can be.
I would say I'm an inspirational guidelines book. You can take my life story or scenarios or songs and relate to them and apply them to your everyday life.
I look forward to making tangible and inspirational contributions to the Houston Technology Center's initiatives. HTC is an engine behind Houston's and Texas' continued growth.
Inside, I've got a real purist desire and dream about the music. I like the idea of being able to carve out a kind of magical, colourful, artistic, inspirational life. And the reality just turns out to be quite different, working with the business to bring this thing you have created into the world.
I believe in the city as a natural human environment, but we must humanize it. It's art that will re-define public space in the 21st Century. We can make our cities diverse, inspirational places by putting art, dance and performance in all its forms into the matrix of street life.
Teachers need to be more inspirational. But it's also up to engineering to make itself more interesting.
Hopefully, when people see 'Senna', they will understand why this inspirational story needed to be told, why it had to be made as a movie for the big screen, and why it is a film for everyone.
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help.
'Do What You Gotta Do' is a positive, inspirational song that says no matter what it is; whether you're up against challenges or trying to get your dreams and aspirations met, you should do what whatever you have to do shy of killing yourself or someone else.
Traveling around the country, meeting fans and hearing their stories in person and on my radio show has reenergized my commitment to creating honest and inspirational content that not only serves my own creative purposes but can help and touch others as well.
Roosevelt's declaration that Americans had 'nothing to fear but fear itself' was a glorious piece of inspirational rhetoric and just as gloriously wrong.
I do love to eavesdrop. It's inspirational, not only for subject matter but for actual dialogue, the way people talk.
I've lost count of the number of times that I've been approached by strangers wanting to tell me that they think I'm brave or inspirational, and this was long before my work had any kind of public profile.
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.
A lot of America is kind of done. People have been making films about it for 100 years. Everything to me feels used up. But Jo-Burg feels unbelievably inspirational to me.
Every song you're trying to find something that going to connect in different ways but for me the songs that I'm really drawn to are inspirational, songs that lift you and that everybody can relate to no matter where you're from.
Personally, I can't see the appeal in trekking down to D.C. for a networking extravaganza, even if it is built around a special moment in American history. While I find the election of Barack Obama inspirational, I don't have a desire to memorialize it with overly effusive celebration.
I think 'Heroes of Cosplay' will show a lot of the positive things, like how much effort it takes to make a costume. These people on the show aren't taking shortcuts. As long as that effort gets through to the viewers, we will be inspirational. Then there will be people who watch the show that want to get in and hands-on make outfits.
I love inspirational R&B, like Mary J. Blige and Jennifer Hudson. I want to do that. That kind of music stays with you.
I wrote '('Til) I Kissed You' about a girl I met in Australia. Her name was Lilian, and she was very, very inspirational. I was married, but... I wrote the song about her on the way back home.
We've been surrounded by images of space our whole lives, from the speculative images of science fiction to the inspirational visions of artists to the increasingly beautiful pictures made possible by complex technologies. But whilst we have an overwhelmingly vivid visual understanding of space, we have no sense of what space sounds like.
Think with your whole body.
Just as you wouldn't leave the house without taking a shower, you shouldn't start the day without at least 10 minutes of sacred practice: prayer, meditation, inspirational reading.
'Get along, go along' is not an inspirational philosophy, and only God knows how much moral cowardice it has covered up over the years. Serve your time, collect your chits, and cash 'em in for your home state? No, I'd say we could ask for more than that from our senators.
Rap music's been around for too long now to be inspirational. The words are, but the music isn't.
Every video I've made has an inspirational message behind it. Since day one, I thought, 'Okay, I want my audience to be, like, Disney members.' So if that's the case, I have to keep everything rated G.
I think that the reason for my success is that I am really not aspirational. I am inspirational in that the people at home feel like they can really relate to me.
We all obviously need others to look up to, and be inspirational to us. Ford did a great job as far as putting the presidency back where it belonged, getting the trust back after Nixon. And President Reagan has been one of the most influential presidents.
It really is an honor if I can be inspirational to a younger singer or person. It means I've done my job.
I really think that it's disgusting that Paris is the only place where it is illegal for paps to follow you around. It actually took someone losing their life - Diana, an inspirational woman - and then it changed, but they still won't change it in London! It's horrible!
Lady Gaga is the present and the future. She is the most revolutionary and inspirational artist. She is fearless and daring.
I thought 'Moulin Rouge' was inspirational, and 'Jesus Christ Superstar' I loved.
We're in a situation where talented, motivated school leavers and graduates can send off a hundred CVs and not get a reply, and where a trip to the Job Centre is depressing rather than inspirational. And you know what, that just feels wrong.
'All in With Laila Ali' is educational, inspirational, compelling programming profiling individuals that have reached for the sky, pushed themselves to the limit and did things that you would think were impossible.
I'm a gay disabled man who has become very successful. I don't get up in the morning and think I'm inspirational; I just get up thinking that I love horses.
I did an A Level in Theatre Studies and had a really inspirational teacher, and then I just went on to university.
In fact, I wouldn't really call this a Gospel album, I call it more an inspirational album.
So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God.
I am never without my lyric book. If anything inspirational happens, I have it there so nothing's forgotten.
I grew up in a bookless house - my parents didn't read poetry, so if I hadn't had the chance to experience it at school I'd never have experienced it. But I loved English, and I was very lucky in that I had inspirational English teachers, Miss Scriven and Mr. Walker, and they liked us to learn poems by heart, which I found I loved doing.
Deacon Jones has been the most inspirational person in my football career.
I had an inspirational teacher at my junior school: Peter Nixon. He was enthusiastic, knowledgeable and slightly scary - a good combination for a teacher.
And now, this is the sweetest and most glorious day that ever my eyes did see.
I've done a lot of albums and I kinda know when I'm onto something that was inspirational for me to record and create, and this was one of those projects where I really enjoyed making the album.
I've been known to write 10 pages a day for 10 days running before I take a breath. I am not a disciplined writer. I'm one of those people who laughingly call themselves inspirational writers, which basically means someone who has no control over their own creative process.
I do like alternative rock and rap, but as far as inspirational, then I go full-on orchestra. It fills up your entire being.
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them.
It was incredible being on tour with Taylor Swift: she was the epitome of a professional, and she works so hard. For someone as successful as her to work that hard every night - truly inspirational.
I knew, regardless of anything else, singing in front of an orchestra was going to be inspirational. It would feed me.
I try not to put anything political on the forefront of what I'm trying to do creatively. At the same time, I do think it's wonderful when I hear people say that it's inspirational that I'm an Indian woman on camera. My life is very diverse, and my friends are a diverse group of people.
Space is an inspirational concept that allows you to dream big.
I am very conscious of who I am as an artist and as an inspirational person.
This is just rap. I'm not trying to make people think I'm some sort of scientific wizard or inspirational poet.
I think the end goal, hopefully, is to take advantage of the attention I've gotten along the way and use it for good and build some communities, and as I get older I can continue to do things and be surrounded by things that are inspirational to me.
When I see a friend play Hamlet or see an inspirational performance, I absolutely get excited by the idea of changing things up.
It's as if inside the White House the belief in Obama's inspirational charisma is still such that every time the ugliness of brute politics intrudes, it's a startling revelation.
When Maurice touched a keyboard, it was like something from a movie, magical. He would always give you something from a movie, and you'd go, what did you just play... immediately inspirational writings, amazing. That's what we're going to miss.
I think being directed and mentored by someone as inspirational as Paul Feig not only improves my performance but, as a whole, makes it what it is.
This CD became something of a personal journey for me. The tone of the whole CD is uplifting and inspirational. It's an upper. We have enough downers in the world.
It is so inspirational, to see that in the world of Westeros, men are answering to women, and they are a force to be reckoned with. It's empowering, and it's inspirational as well, because you're just like, 'This is great!'
What they have done in Japan, which I find so inspirational, is they've brought the toilet out from behind the locked door. They've made it conversational. People go out and upgrade their toilet. They talk about it. They've sanitized it.
The hymn 'Amazing Grace' is so inspirational - I wish I'd written it.
If my writing comes to a halt, I head to the shops: I find them very inspirational. And if I get into real trouble with my plot, I go out for a pizza with my husband.
Growing up, in church we had the homily; at home it's what I call the 'momily' - the inspirational and instructive mom-isms that every family has.
I love a lot of the New York bands, but Patti Smith stands out. I just read 'Just Kids' and it's an inspirational, well-written account of an emerging New York artist in the late seventies.
Although he's no longer with us, Steve Jobs is still inspirational to me, as he managed to find the balance between right brain/left-brain thinking that is crucial to building a creative technology business.
My tastes and inspirational artists were always rather eclectic and diverse.
The flow of Guiness into the studio was inspirational as well as nutritive.
My initial goal for the 1984 opening ceremonies was a show that would be majestic, inspirational, and emotional - a 20 goosebump experience.
Barack Obama's inspirational whoosh to the presidency in 2008 was unusual. Most campaigns are less exhilarating; indeed, they are downright disappointing - until someone wins.
When Bill Clinton ran in '92, and I listened to him, and I had of course known of his record from Arkansas, I found him extraordinarily inspirational, and I voted Democratic.
Kunta Kinte is the closest thing I've ever seen... to a superhero. He's amazing. He's inspirational.
Since we launched the original 'Pop Idol' in England, I've remained close with Simon Fuller. Working as executive producer on 'American idol' for its first seven years not only was an inspirational journey into the heart of American pop culture, it opened my eyes to the untapped potential of the incredibly dynamic young people in this world.
I have amazing friends who have led inspirational lives.
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee.
The government will see that human spaceflight is useful - for science and the economy - and inspirational.
I always like a woman in power in politics. I think they're pretty inspirational in terms of looks to begin with. It's very calculated.
I had hoped when my life was chronicled, it would be an inspirational story.
I do a lot of inspirational talks for kids, to motivate them to change their lives and give them hope.
I pull a lot of the stuff that I play off the rhythm tracks - and Keith Richards has been one of the main contributors to my inspirational playing.
I would probably work with Drake as he is massively inspirational to me as a writer as well as an artist. If not him, then Susan Boyle!
I'm very fond of the British cinema. I'm a big fan of Martin Campbell and Daniel Craig. I actually find Daniel very inspirational, especially on the physical side of things. He really inspired me to get back into shape when I started to add on a few pounds. I think he's a great role model.
I grew up in a very spiritual home in a Liberty City neighborhood of Miami, FL. I was raised in the church, and my mother was a very inspirational person in my life.
Architecture is not an inspirational business, it's a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things; that's all.
Silent pictures show us how we lived and what our attitudes were. And as an art form, they can be wonderfully entertaining and often inspirational.
Thelonious Monk was one of the musicians I most connected with early on. I'm a huge Betty Carter fan, and the way that Abbey Lincoln and Shirley Horn grew immensely from the time they were young is so inspirational.
I want to be an inspirational model. I want people to look at me and say, 'Wow, she looks healthy.'
I will always desire to play with Bruce Springsteen. He's the most inspirational, most dedicated, most committed and most focused artist I've ever seen. I like to be around people like that.
There have been many different artists that have been inspirational. I suppose the question is directed to what was the reason why I went into fantasy illustration.
Lee's great gifts are teaching and inspirational guidance, not administration and management.
I wanted to do something inspirational for my children.
